How dare you hide from me?
New here I have a name not new here
It's not my job to pour you coffee
I don't have to serve you
you
How dare you contradict me
A newcomer doesn't deserve me to call him by his name
Forget it, Shin Shin
He didn't even care about me
Not to mention you
This newcomer is so arrogant
Doesn't he know?
Miss Guan is for his president's wife
Offend Miss Guan
See how he will still manage in the company in the future
Get out sooner or later
If I don't give him some color, it's a coincidence
He doesn't know how many eyes the horse king has
Look at what you did
This is a gift from the customer to Mr. Ji.
Can you afford it if it breaks now?
Can he break if you don't hit me?
If you want to pay, you will pay.
Who saw me bump into you?
Su Ran
You dare to slander me in order to shirk responsibility?
I didn't see any of you who saw me hit him.
Who else saw it?
Su Ran, is this wrong?
You can't pass the buck.
You also passed it on to your colleagues
Besides, it was given by an important customer.
What do you want me to do with my ancestors? You don't have to tell me.